add cli doc (#117)
log10-io/log10: cli_docs.md

# CLI

> Use `log10` CLI to list and download the completions, feedback, and feedback task data at [log10.io](https://log10.io). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `log10` CLI to list and download the completions, feedback, and feedback task data at [log10.io](https://log10.io). 
```

Here's a [demo video](https://www.loom.com/share/4f5da34df6e94b7083b1e33c707deb53?sid=6b48acc4-72f1-49f2-b9ec-99905552781f).

## Get Started

> Install log10-io python package (version >= 0.6.7) and [setup Log10](README.md#⚙️-setup)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the `log10-io` python package (version >= 0.6.7) and [setup Log10](README.md#⚙️-setup)
```

```bash

> pip install log10-io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ pip install log10-io
```

```

### Completions
You can list all your completions using [`log10 completions list`](#log10-completions-list). In addition, you can filter the completions by tag names (`--tags`) and created date `--from` and `--to`. For instance, here is the command to filter the completions with two tag names `foo` and `bar` and created between 2024-02-01 and 2024-02-29

```bash
$ log10 completions list --tags foo,bar --from 2024-2-1 --to 2024-2-29
```

> Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Output
```

│ b922d686-4aae-42ef-815e-60987sdfge16 │ success │ 19 days ago │ Where is the Eiffel Tower?   │ The Eiffel Tower is located in Paris, ... │ bar, foo │                                           
│                                      │         │             │                              │                                           │          │
└──────────────────────────────────────┴─────────┴─────────────┴──────────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────┴──────────┘
total_completions=5
```

You can download these completions into a JSONL file by using [`log10 completions download`](#log10-completions-download) with the same options and specify the output file `--file`:
```bash
$ log10 completions download --tags foo,bar --from 2024-2-1 --to 2024-2-29 --file foo_bar.jsonl
Filter with tags: foo,bar
Filter with created date: 2024-02-01 to 2024-02-29
Download total completions: 5/5
Do you want to continue? [y/N]: y
100%|███████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████| 5/5 [00:03<00:00,  1.31it/s]
```

To check the details of a certain completions, use [`log10 completions get`](#log10-completions-get).
For instance, 
```bash

>  log10 completions get --id 497974e8-c1ed-4de7-90ab-8f104eb870te

Reviewer: Nit: should be consistent about the trailing "$"

┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
┃ ID                      ┃ Created At  ┃ Name                                       ┃ Required                                   ┃ Instruction                                       ┃
┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩
│ 04405cbc-3420-4901-97b6 │ 5 days ago  │ Demo TLDR Dataset Summary grading w/ note  │ coherence, accuracy, coverage, overall     │                                                   │
│ 15a5e099-a56a-49d0-b488 │ 29 days ago │ emoji_feedback_task                        │ feedback                                   │ Provide feedback using emojis                     │
└─────────────────────────┴─────────────┴────────────────────────────────────────────┴────────────────────────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

> and check the detail of a task with [`log10 feedback-task get --id`](#log10-feedback-task-get)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and retrieve details about a speicfic task with [`log10 feedback-task get --id`](#log10-feedback-task-get)
```

To list and download your current feedback, use [`log10 feedback list`](#log10-feedback-list) and [`log10 feedback download`](#log10-feedback-download). 
For instance you can list all feedback filtered by a feedback task `--task_id`:
```bash

> ❯ log10 feedback list --task_id 04405cbc-3420-4901-97b6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ log10 feedback list --task_id 04405cbc-3420-4901-97b6
```

│ ad7dd317-3a19-4633-bf80 │ Demo TLDR Dataset Summary grading w/ note │ {"note": "Missing details of why.", "overall": 4, "accuracy": 7, "coverage": 4, "coherence": 7}  │ 1d2396bf-df44-4eaf-a9f03 │
│ 4b5edcb1-ca79-42a8-a0f5 │ Demo TLDR Dataset Summary grading w/ note │ {"note": "Should mention they're male.", "overall": 6, "accuracy": 7, "coverage": 6,             │ 264a3ca1-7bcc-4679-b80eb │
│                         │                                           │ "coherence": 7}                                                                                  │                          │
└─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────┴──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┴──────────────────────────┘
```
And to download to a JSONL file, use `log10 feedback download --task_id 04405cbc-3420-4901-97b6 --file feedback.jsonl`

To leverage your feedback and use AI to generate more feedback automatically, use [`log10 feedback predict`](#log10-feedback-predict). Please refer to this [doc](https://log10.io/docs/feedback/auto_feedback) for more details. 

## CLI References

> ### Completions

Reviewer: Good for now, but we may have to auto gen these in the future: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57810659/automatically-generate-all-help-documentation-for-click-commands
